it is more with text what will remain of the cosenza on the joint right shoulder
the result
that we were interested in there is a grandmother victory we did not succeed even though they are
gone ahead with the opportunity of
to double and not
we have not exploited and then
you saw how it went
what happened and advice on the 1 to 0 we bring good 20 minutes great e
then a collapse
psychological physical technical tactical sudo of things
is. anyway unpublished day and if present
no one explorers this year
you have returned you are left to break down you alone soprani forte boscone
on the assembly room episode
I love you so they say their mother we have not tried
recovering pro we didn't do badly with not so much lucidity
and then it closes between 1 however I think you probable as a square full of
pressures know it you knew it now maybe you'll learn two matches a point
January 5 last year what the hunter multivision
instapaper coldiretti
oversight points you make 3 points for
so little to reach last year's so not
to me it is not that we now have 4 figures that we have made a point in mind
you have to work on the lawn
to improve appearance
the possibility of
to make up immediately the center on that Tuesday
in case then
we must do it hell we want do nothing but the bobbins and shoulder pads
soon
usually it is said less bad that it is played immediately
if you know how to say it in English
has the opportunity to admit to show anyway
the value of this team
thanks thanks to simone loria and healthy there are questions
siii we do simone
good morning. this seems to me that this game beyond the performance does not
brillantissima of Rome are here gon
photo - we have
commented on the race, I probably go to bed with your own in the sense that
the braco lido del palermo arrive even beyond the good performance
phone * eventually arrives also
through a sort of casoli I found a counter-attack very present
on the situation in which the Rome
at the eighteenth he was practically in the lead for a 0 to 4 against 3 then
soon after this action was almost repeated with fabrizio's colleagues
drugs and drugs at that time
say in quotation marks you liked a little too much Rome played soccer with
so much enthusiasm to leave perhaps a little too much space
the way they disappeared
petit facilitated in the south of
everyone likes to propose
unfortunately for pallati
who especially share a team
if he wants to recover
there is losing that plays at home creates need to score points again
quickly
I applied this year teams that accept extera quality I want
volley is good I want you
to make a great league to go ahead and make the pack
then
brute
octavio so in palermo colorado new site to let us immediately start already
Tuesday and then
I live in the league
thanks thanks to simone loria renoir oliveta socket